The internet was never fully separated from the chains of "corporate power" (22). As it became more and more important within our "global economic system" and the "global movement of capital," corporations pushed further and further into the online sphere (23-24). This caused pushback from artists and non-corporate users of the internet. Through Michael Connor's analysis, we can see that as the content became king rather than the context. Artists had to move from including the medium in the message, they had a different, distinct message. This was, however, also inspired by the progress of corporations in the internet. One of these was Samsung, a Korean chaebol that holds ground in the telecommunications industry among many others. Young-hae Chang Heavy Industries explores this in their net art project titled "Samsung."

So, after the move to content, with the end of the first phase of net art and "'the primary physical reality that governed the aesthetic space of net.art [falling] away,'" the most prevalent and driven forces in the new content-driven world were corporations and brands. And so Samsung, coincidentally evolving alongside certain historical situations within South Korea, became an astronomical power within the country and thus on the internet. The power produced by Samsung as a result of the multitude of factors that caused its rise made Koreans and other netizens express reaction to it. In this second phase, the internet was being filled with content. Bandwidth wasn't going to be jammed up with "peaceful protests" anymore, so superhuman corporations were able to take up more space in the internet and people's lives.

Petra Cortright had a kneejerk reaction os "disinterested delight" towards this power surge. By ignoring corporations, artists could reflect on the world without them. However, in "Samsung," YHCHI could ironically put even more spotlight on the companies, making their growing power even more evidently wrong to the viewer. And so this is what "Samsung" aims to do, in its simple performative execution. It exists in the turning point of the internet, and makes us wonder if content really should have been king; if we should let these companies take up so much space in our world.
